     There are some filters to appear as a job --- in the system called APT.
     If we don't have 2 years of experience, we are usually not visible in the system because companies usually look for 2 years of experience.
     companies use ATS. A common system for companies looking for staff.
     Our resumes reach companies directly with this system.
     resumes can consist of different arguments. such as logo, pdf, text photo. These are all Prof. It helps us appear.
     Resume format features
     font size : 10-12 acceptable
     font style: use an easy-to-read style (Arial, Calibri, Times New Roman )
     headers: must be in the range of 24
     margins: not too narrow or too wide
     Line spacing: at least 1.15 should be preferred
     text formatting: words that need to stand out can be made bold. underlining or italicizing is not recommended
     originality is very important in Resume.
     must be original and unique to you
     It is important that you create your own resume rather than copying someone else's.
     you should carefully create your own resume and follow the necessary steps and watch the videos. you should create a resume that describes you personally
     Don't forget! You don't just apply for jobs. there are a lot of people like you
     The person looking at your resume will make a decision about you in seconds. so be original
     An ideal resume consists of 1-2 pages and important details should be written in bold or underlined fonts and the other party should not be bored with unnecessary meaningless details.
     Our aim is to convey our aim to the other party in an understandable, clean and simple language.
     Before applying, write a simple resume and practice what you need to remember before the interview.
     If it is a point that is definitely not recommended; Don't play with resume after applying! change, continue consistently
     however, there may be minor changes, for example, if there is something the company is looking for in the backend features, you can attract their attention with small additions.
     Changing a resume you're applying for after applying will negatively affect the company's opinion of you.
     PUT YOURSELF IN THE EMPLOYER'S PLACE
     Is this person really the person to do this job?
     Does it meet the requirements for the company?
     what he has done in the past and what he has achieved, what can he do in this company
     If you have a career gap, you should not prepare your resume chronologically. instead, you should prepare a resume that highlights your skills.
     CV preparation steps
     HEADERS: Name-Surname-Title
     contact info: personal contact details
     summary/career objective: About me...
     skills: tools you use/Soft skills you have
     experience: Talk about your projects and experience
     language: if you are speak more than one language tell them
     HEADERS
     The title should be as simple and short as possible.
     multiple titles should not be used
     The title should also contain trending topics in the country of application.
     adding photos does not have a positive/negative effect. you don't have to put
     Contact info:
     Your email and linkedIn address must be accessible and clickable.
     linkedIn URL must be customized. must belong to you
     address information must be city/region based
     information must be up to date
     you can use icon icon as there are features that may vary from country to country
     The address should not contain too many unnecessary details.
     Turkish characters should not be
     If any of your contact information changes, you must update it instantly to stay up to date.
     we are a saw and not a graphic designer so there is no need to prepare with a lot of visual richness
     summary/career objective
     Your employer will see your resume, so you should definitely include/write your experiences.
     make sure you write down the important words
     Don't give too long details and information, it should be short and concise. You should tell your problem in short sentences, not word by word.
     write your personal information...
     Know how to use soft skills. Use your skills such as analytical thinking, creative brain, and problem solver to resume.
      Briefly talk about your technical knowledge
      abilities
      our abilities visibly write. we highlight
      2 titles can be created. technical part and soft skills part or just a single heading
      When we write our tools, we underline, that is, we write in bold
      When sorting your information, you can sort from the things you know best to the least.
      You can also put the documents of the lessons you have taken from different courses.
      experience
      When writing about your experience, write it in the singular. not others. only write what you do
      Write the name of the project, the start and end date, and what was your role?
      indicate if you are currently working and write down your past jobs and task
      Project dates must be in month-year format.
      try to use creative and specific words when expressing what you did in the project
      Language
     indicate your english level
     Do not add if you speak Turkish and Russian languages.